We came all the way to China to learn about the
future of online sales,
and we're at Byly to see how they
film live and how they create all the
content to sell online.
All the brands you see up here are their
clients.  It's crazy.  We are
told that this company started by
providing photos to non-
Chinese companies so that they could meet
Chinese needs.  Then they
started to adapt and now they do everything
themselves: the photos, the videos, the
models.  so that
international brands understand how
the Chinese model works and can sell here.
Basically, international brands
that want to enter the Chinese market
hire this company and they do
everything for them.  Something good to know about this
company is that they work every day
of the week, 24 hours a day, and what they were just
explaining is that something that
takes a month or two in Europe, here
they have the entire production
ready to publish and start
selling online in a week.  Pretty cool.
[Music]
First impressions of By Quickly.
Incredible, unknown, what he does is very striking
.   It's
crazy.  So far all we've seen
is, what's he drinking
hot?
Impressions, first impressions of the
company.  What did you think so far?   It's
a spectacle, I'm truly
surprised every day by this China that is
really blowing our minds.
[Music]
What you're seeing behind me is the
live dashboard that the company sees of
all the marketing actions they
're taking.  I don't know if the
magnitude of this is understood.  I think they'll be
able to see it there.  They have live metrics
for each type of campaign they're
running, WeChat interactions,
billing, and the influence of each brand they're
working with.
It's crazy.  And the metrics at a
global level are also impressive.  I mean,
the level of intelligence they're
using here.  I don't know if some of you saw
something like that, I personally don't see
anything.  I feel like the meteorologist.
Uh, the whole part about
completed orders, where the
customers came from, and the average wait time.   I
'm at Disney.
[Music]
This wall you're seeing behind me is
called hosts.  These are the people that this
company hires to manage
the social media accounts of its
clients.  And something I think is relevant for
everyone to understand is that they don't hire
influencers, but rather they use people they
call "white sheet paper," which means they have a
blank sheet of paper, so that
they can then personalize them for each
brand.  And yes, later they hire Ky
opinion leaders for specific campaigns
where they want to give it more of a push, but what they
do, and they emphasize this a lot,
is have a person who doesn't have a
background that they can make
represent the brand and be live.
Each of them is live 6 hours
a day every day of their lives and each
account has three people live every
day for a total of 18 hours.  It's crazy.
Another thing they take into account when it comes to
live streams is understanding what audience
is active at that moment and bringing in
hosts and creators who align with that.
For example, if at 6 a.m. a
watch brand usually has more women
looking, they put a man
or a woman in charge of showing women's watches; they
think about it strategically.  They are not
always the same type of host, same
age range.  If they know that a certain age, a
certain schedule, there are people who are in
college and don't watch, but
older people do, they bring in a host who is
older.
Everything planned, everything analyzed, everything
created with millimeter precision.  It's incredible,
incredible.
[Music]
The dashboard you're seeing behind me
is the creator performance dashboard
.  They have them here for
everyone to see.  It's like a super
competitive culture, huh, and they say it as something
positive.  And what the creators have
in this case is that they charge a fixed fee plus
a commission based on the results they
bring in each live stream, which I find
quite interesting.  These screens
that are looking behind.
and Max.  These screens are all the
live streams that this company is doing right
now, and in fact, let's see if you
can see they are doing a live stream right now
.  way back there, that
screen is that screen.  Now we're going to
go see her.
Something we were just told is that in
these cases there are, for example, Hugo Boss, a
men's brand, they do it live, they have
a host because they say it retains more
men buying and then they have
another one that is a target of
middle-aged women who have a man
selling to them.  They have over 120 people alive right now
.  This brand is only for
men, and this woman is selling
men's suits herself because they say it
generates much more
view retention.  It's crazy.
[Music]
In China, digital commerce changed completely,
and a few years ago what they
call live streaming, which are
live sessions, became established.  Here they are literally
recording one where the hosts, the
people who appear,
show the products, what the
brand sells, talk about, interact with the public
and sell live on platforms like
TikTok here in China and many others.  They
allow you to display a product and have the
Chinese touch a button, open an account for them
, pay, and have it sent to their home
without completing any information.  The
hosts record for 6 hours straight, they have
a 5-minute break every 2 hours,
but it's crazy.  High-
performance work completely.  To
give you an idea of ​​the scale, in this
particular case we are learning about today, they are
only doing it with humans, but in
China there is already a trend of
transforming humans into
AI twins.  They literally clone the host that
each of these brands presents and
keep it running 24/7. A moral issue worth
discussing a bit.  Uh, there are some
platforms that don't prefer you to do
this, for example TikTok prefers
that you have a human person.  If you have
an AI avatar, they generally say you
have a lot of exposure, but it's a
different story.  What we
're seeing here is amazing, and seeing it live is
insane, honestly.  More as a
personal opinion, and based on what they
mentioned about the conversion rates they
usually have and the size of their
audience, I think that Argentina is not yet
a market that is ready for
this type of business.  I do
n't think it's a good business decision yet if you're thinking about
selling it.  Yes, it can be interesting for
what's called Top of Funnel, for Brand
Awareness, so that people start to get to
know you and your products, and
interact if you dare to have a
cool proposal, but there's a lot of
structure that needs to be created for
something like that to really work for a
company.  Anyway, I think it's the
future. I think
our market, and Latin America in general, is
n't mature
enough yet to be able to buy or use
something like this, but seeing it live and seeing it in
China, where the volumes are really
different, is wonderful.  I mean,
I'm literally inside a
company of the future.  I feel like I'm at
Disney, guys.  I am absolutely
fascinated by everything I am seeing.
We are now on top of the car that
moves with the music, with the videos.
Hey, Wednesday.
No, no, no, no.  Not this one, no.
This is impressive.